Yes, yes, yes, Long Shuai, what kind of old man is he?
He goes too deep
Who is deep
He wants the string to be tight
Who pulled it to death?
Fu Chen, your lies have been exposed by us.
Now what else do you have to say?
The main minister pretended to be Long Shuai and privately arrested the law enforcement team member Tang
You will surely die today.
I, Chu Chen, am Lou Shuai
True cowardice
Is it your slander?
Feng Shao broke you and you were all knocked down
The Puchan Army has indeed made a lot of money in the past three years
But he's still okay
Because he is too confident, forget about impersonating Long Shuai
He really thinks of himself as a dragon handsome
Chu Chen, I have received the exact message.
You distribute invitations in the name of Long Shuai
To give that bitch Su Xue
Host a grand world wedding
Is that right?
I have to go through your password for my wedding
But don't you forget
You are not Long Shuai at all
Seven days later, the imperial master of the imperial capital
Governor of Haicheng
And those overseas VIPs will be there
You fake will be dismembered by five horses
Dead without a burial
Good idea.
Then we'll see you seven days later at the wedding of the century